Subtitles by explosiveskull
♪ Today is gonna be ♪
- ♪ A little something more ♪
- ♪ Oh-oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ I've got a plan in mind ♪
- ♪ A special thing in store ♪
- ♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ The lightbulb inside my head
says ♪
♪ "Get out and play" ♪
♪ 'Cause you'll never feel
this way ♪
♪ It's my lucky day ♪
- ♪ It's my lucky day ♪
- ♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ It's my lucky day ♪
- ♪ My lucky day ♪
- ♪ It's my lucky day ♪
♪ Don't need a pot of gold ♪
♪ A rabbit's foot,
or to be told ♪
♪ It's my lucky day ♪
What a lovely day, Cupcake.
I know I've told you this
time and time again,
but you are so lucky
to be a beautiful princess
of the Kingdom of Wee Trolls.
Well, that's so nice of you,
Fairy Pie,
but you are my fairy godmother.
What else are you going to say?
Oh, dear.
What ever is the matter?
I can tell you haven't
been yourself lately.
Your usual cheer has given way
to a brooding introspection.
It reminds me very much of your
father when he was your age.
Yes, and look what he did...
traveled the world,
found adventure,
began writing his legacy.
Yes, and he returned
to become king of his land
and take good care
of his trolls.
Your father is a fine
example of trollhood,
and you've been simply
wonderful in his footsteps.
That's just it, Fairy Pie.
I don't want to follow
in my father's footsteps.
I want to make my own way,
forge my own troll path.
I want to leave
this little troll town
and have adventures of my own.
Cupcake, you're young!
There will be plenty of time
for adventure in your days.
But when?
We're only young once,
and it doesn't last forever.
You said that yourself.
You're always telling me
about the things you did
when you were my age
and how much you miss
your reeling fairy days.
Yes, well, the youth we lose is
eventually regained in wisdom.
It is the cycle of life,
the Wee Troll way.
That's what worries me,
Fairy Pie.
Is the Wee Troll way
all I'll ever know?
Oh, Cupcake,
you fret over nothing.
The knowledge you seek will
find you when you need it most.
Life is magical.
I wish you'd tell that
to my father.
He doesn't allow me
to do anything.
Sometimes, I think
he just wants me
to dress up like his princess,
look pretty, and wave. Ugh!
Many trolls would love
to do just that.
Then maybe
they could trade places with me.
Be careful what you wish for,
my lovely princess.
You'll find the grass is
often greener on the other side.
Your father loves you.
And I love you, too.
Oh, Fairy Pie,
I don't mean to be a crab apple.
You're not a crab apple,
Cupcake.
You're just a young troll
full of wonder and curiosity.
Here we are.
Why don't you go explain
your feelings to your father?
He may surprise you.
I think I will.
Thank you, Fairy Pie.
Don't mention it.
Just another day
for a fairy godmother.
But, Cupcake, you're
the princess of our kingdom.
How will it look
if you up and leave,
all for pointless adventure?
But it's not pointless to me,
Father.
All my life,
I've done everything I could
for our kingdom.
Now I just want to do
something for me.
All your life?
Cupcake,
you're still a young troll.
You still have so many
mountains left to climb.
Then let me climb them.
Oh, patience, Cupcake, patience.
All things
will come in due time.
Well, that's just it, Father.
It's always wait, wait, wait
for a later day,
but we only get so many days.
And you have many more
than most, sweet daughter.
Remember, us trolls
live 1,000 years,
and sometimes, like your
Gramps Filbert the Grumbler,
to 1,010.
Plenty of time to find
your prince and settle down.
Ugh, but how can I settle down
if I never take off?
Oh, Cupcake, I'm afraid I don't
have the easy answers you seek.
In this life,
we want many things
and, sometimes,
never attain them...
though we do find
other things that fulfill us.
Life will set your sails
in the direction you most need,
not want.
Why do I always feel like
you talk to me in riddles?
I'm a troll, dear.
We invented riddles.
Did I ever tell you about
your Great-Gramps
Archduke Godavius the Flat?
He's credited with
the first riddle ever created.
It was the year 992.
Oh, Father!
Hey, there, Scorch.
How's your tail hanging?
What do you want, Grunt?
I don't recall inviting
a little, measly creature
such as yourself to my lair.
I just came by
to say hi to my old pal.
Hiya, Scorchie.
We're not pals, creature,
and you know I don't like
unannounced visitors.
But, Scorch, how can you say so?
You and me, w-we go way back.
But, Scorch, buddy...
I told you,
we're not buddies, puny worm.
Now leave, or I might be
forced to devour you,
ugly face and all.
Oh, oh.
S-Say, Scorch,
before you devour me,
I-I want to...
I want to extend an invitation.
An invitation?
Uh, to what?
Your friends
are scared to death of me,
and rightfully so.
They look like
tasty hors d'oeuvres to me.
I know, right?
Some of them do.
I'll give you that.
So, I wanted to invite you
to... to team up with me.
- Team up?
- Yeah.
Me and you.
A cool duo.
Like Butch and Sundance,
Starsky and Hutch,
Riggs and Murtaugh,
Thelma and Lo...
Okay, I get it.
Save your stinky breath, troll.
What would I team up
with you for, anyway?
Wreak havoc, of course.
Run roughshod,
pillage and plunder.
Prepare to be served on
a plate of radicchio, creature.
I've had just about enough
of you.
Wait!
Scorch, hear me out.
You and me, we both rule
our individual worlds
with iron fists, right?
Imagine
what we could do together.
We'll be unstoppable.
The whole world will tremble.
You ridiculous worm.
Nobody even knows who you are.
That's because I let
no enemy survive, see?
Cross me, and, boom,
you disappear.
Really?
What do you say, old pal?
Me and you,
a fearsome new alliance,
the land bowing to our will.
We can start right away.
Uh, sorry,
goofy little creature.
No can do.
Now leave.
Hmm.
I tried the nice way, Scorch,
but you leave me
no other choice.
What are you talking about,
ludicrous creature?
I'm gonna make you join me,
you big, moronic goof.
Excuse me?
You heard me.
I wanted to be nice
and offer you the chance
to agree of your own free will,
stupid, but no.
You're too dumb for that.
I should have known.
Grunt, get out of here right now
before I sneeze
and turn you to cinder.
Just try it, peabrain.
You have no idea
who you're dealing with,
but you will.
All right.
That's it.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
Aaaarrrrghhh!
Around, around you go.
Down the toilet,
the water flows.
And with the water,
you must know,
down, down the toilet,
you will go.
Well, uh, how do you feel,
you big lug?
Uh, I'm just a big lug.
It don't matter how I feel.
That's right.
You're a big old goofy lug,
and you're my big old goofy lug
to do as I please.
- Got it?
- Uh, yeah.
I got it.
Good.
Now fly by my side,
you big dummy,
as I conquer
the Kingdom of the Wee Trolls
and take my rightful place
on the throne!
I'll stick with you, Grunt.
What else
can a big dummy like me do?
Nothing, and now you realize it.
You're too dumb to comprehend
this, but I just hit you
with the Mighty Spell
of the Dreary Put-downs.
And if you even think
of breaking ranks with me,
I'll put you in your place
with a few well-worded insults,
and you'll believe
everything I say is true,
you big, ugly goober.
Understood?
Understood.
Good. Now, come on.
And forget your nap.
We have work to do,
you lazy, overgrown lizard.
Um, growl-l-l-l.
Oh, Bellyrumble,
sometimes I wish
we could strike out over
those hills and just keep going.
But... But that's a long way.
What would we eat, Leaf?
Do you ever think
of anything but food?
I don't think so. Is there
anything better to think about?
How about travel,
mystery, adventure?
Pasta, sandwiches.
Dessert.
Uh, forget it.
- You want to grab lunch?
- Do I ever!
Wait. Are we gonna eat
around here or, like, far away?
Around here, Bellyrumble.
We'll eat around here.
Phew! Great.
I'm in.
I heard the castle's serving
lunch for local trolls,
if you want to go there.
Where did you hear that?
Direct from the source.
Princess Cupcake told me.
Oh, yeah?
You talk to the princess often?
Yep.
All the time.
My father was her orthodontist
when she got braces, remember?
We were tiny Wee Trolls
and made fast friends.
Lucky you. Wish I had been
friends with her, too.
Uh, how is she these days?
She's great.
And pretty.
Teeth look good and straight...
for a troll, anyway.
I think the trolls have
the prettiest princess
in all the land.
We sure do.
So, you like her, huh?
What makes you say that?
It's obvious, Leaf.
You get that goofy smile
on your face
every time her name comes up.
Well, maybe I just
support our monarchy.
You ever think of that?
Uh-huh, and maybe you have
a crush on Princess Cupcake.
Yeah. Hmm.
Okay, maybe you're right.
You should talk to her.
Ask her to lunch over moldy soup
and rotten cheddar or something.
And make King Basil mad at me?
No way!
Who says he'd get mad?
Everybody likes food.
Some more than others.
Yeah, but you don't just march
up and ask the princess out.
Why not?
She's a troll, just like you.
And living up there
in the castle all her life,
she probably doesn't
have many friends,
much less a troll-friend.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Who said anything
about troll-friends?
I'm... I'm not trying to be
her troll-friend.
You... You better keep
your big mouth shut
before we all get in trouble
with the king.
Okay, okay,
my lips are sealed...
unless I see
a roast beef sandwich
with a side
of loaded potato salad.
Then my lips are wide open.
I can take a hint.
- Let's go eat.
- All right!
Whoo-hoo!
Mm-hmm.
I smell bacon
and trapdeleracon dragon eggs.
Scrumptious.
Which way is it coming from?
I'll let you sniff it out,
Bellyrumble.
Your nose never fails.
There you are!
Leaf, Bellyrumble,
something terrible has happened!
Willow! Don't tell me
they ran out of baked beans.
I can't live
without baked beans.
No, no.
No, guys.
That's not it.
It's the maple cornbread?!
Oh, no.
I knew it.
It's Scorch!
They scorched the bread?
Say it isn't so.
I think
Willow's trying to tell us
something important,
Bellyrumble,
and I don't think
it's related to food.
If it's not related to food,
it cannot be important, Leaf.
Scorch is loose!
He... He took flight!
He's unleashed!
Scorch?
But how? Why?
Grunt got to him.
He cast some weird spell,
messed with his dragon head.
Oh, no.
Grunt's behind this?
That's bad news for all of us.
Nothing good can come
of that troll's involvement.
You got that right, Leaf.
That troll's a stinker.
So, just to be clear,
the beans are fine, yeah?
Oh, the beans are fine.
Phew!
I almost cried, Leaf.
Real tears.
Willow, do you know
what Grunt's up to?
Why Scorch?
Why now?
I don't know.
I tried to hear his plans,
but I was afraid if I got
any closer to Scorch's lair,
he'd spot me.
Leaf, what if they're
coming after the food?
We can't take a hit like that.
We'll starve!
They're not coming
after the food, Belly.
How do you know?
What would they do
with baked beans?
It's not the baked beans, guys!
I think Grunt cast
some kind of spell.
A spell?
But Grunt doesn't know magic.
You might want to tell him that.
Now that I have you
as my servant and confidant,
Scorch,
things are going to be
different around here.
Trolls are gonna know
Grunt's name. And not just that.
They're gonna do what I say
when I say it.
What will you say?
I'll say, "Ignore the big,
dumb dragon behind me.
He doesn't know what he's doing
unless I tell him."
And then you'll shut up and
let me do the talking, right?
Uh, right.
And with your might, Scorch,
I'll finally gain access
to the Kingdom of the Goblins.
And when I do...
And when you do...
Don't interrupt my thought,
you overstuffed handbag.
Don't you know
what a pregnant pause is?
Nope.
Aw.
It's a pause for effect.
It's part of the presentation.
Every good villain keeps you
hanging on their every word
as they lay out
their nefarious plans.
You're supposed to just,
like, stare or cower
and... and let me finish.
Oh, right.
Okay.
Uh, go ahead.
"Go ahead" what?
Cower, you overgrown iguana.
Oh, yeah.
So, Grunt started firing
all these insults at Scorch,
and I thought, "Uh-oh.
Now he's gone and done it.
That big dragon's gonna stomp
that little gnome into dust."
Only, he didn't.
It seemed like
all the mean stuff
Grunt was saying started
making Scorch feel really bad.
Oh! Then I started feeling bad
just listening to it.
It's making me feel bad
just hearing you tell it.
Like, a true bummer.
You guys, this might even
be worse than it sounds.
Really? 'Cause it sounds
pretty awful, Leaf.
If what Willow's describing
is accurate,
it sounds like
Grunt may have mastered
the Mighty Spell
of the Dreary Put-downs.
The Dreary Put-downs?
Wasn't that the name of
Grunt's old band back in school?
That's right.
It was.
Oh, I remember them.
Yeah, they were disqualified
from the troll talent show
after Grunt hit
Principal Butternose
over the head with a drumstick.
Ever since that day,
Grunt's held a grudge
against all trolls.
It wouldn't surprise me at all
if he mastered that spell
as some misguided attempt at
revenge against the Wee Trolls.
But that was so long ago.
Why would he carry
something like that around?
Why not just move on, live life?
'Cause Grunt's a troll.
So what?
I'm a troll.
No.
I mean, he's a troll.
You know...
He trolls trolls.
What?
Like, he creates discord
on purpose,
like starting quarrels to
provoke others just to have fun.
Oh, I see.
Trolling a troll.
Yeah.
Sometimes
when wounds don't heal,
and we focus on lashing out
at some troll who's wronged us,
we get stuck in the past.
Then we hurt ourselves
as much as any troll
we try to get back at.
Wow.
That's deep, Leaf.
If Grunt really is wielding
the Mighty Spell
of the Dreary Put-downs,
we've got a heck of a problem
on our hands.
OMG!
We're gonna get trolled!
Guys, if Grunt's motives
prove true,
I'm afraid
our Kingdom of Wee Trolls
could be in a lot of danger.
What can we do?
I have no idea.
I certainly wasn't expecting to
see what I saw out there today.
Now that I'm thinking about it,
there is someone
who might be able to help.
Who?
Thorn the Warlock.
Thorn the what?
Where do we find him?
He lives
in the Land of the Warlocks.
It's a bit of a journey,
but it's all I've got.
That's it, then.
We can't risk the kingdom.
We have to go see Thorn.
Willow, are you with us?
Us?
Me?
Uh, I have something going on.
A prior engagement.
Oh, all right. I'm too scared
for all this, Leaf.
I'm no hero.
I'm just a woodland creature
who was in the wrong place
at the wrong time.
Or the right place
at the right time.
You might have just saved
our kingdom, Willow.
Oh, even more pressure.
Great.
It's okay.
You don't have to come with us.
Bellyrumble and I can handle it.
We can?
Yes, we can.
We'll leave before dark
and get a head start.
We will?
- What about dinner?
- Pack snacks.
We can be there by morning
if we leave soon.
Oh, I love snacks.
My pack will be pretty heavy.
- Can I carry all that? Hmm?
- Thanks for the tip, Willow.
If you talk to King Basil about
this, tell him not to worry.
Leaf and Bellyrumble
are on the case.
Will do, Leaf.
Sorry I'm not as brave
as you guys.
But you are, Willow.
We're all brave in our own ways.
If you hadn't seen what you saw,
we might have been blindsided
by Grunt and Scorch at any time.
At least now we have
a chance to stop them.
Yeah!
Oh, thanks, you guys.
And good luck out there.
Well, we'll need it.
We will?
Did you talk to your father,
Cupcake?
- Oh. I did.
- And?
I should have kept
my thoughts to myself.
He did what he always does
and spoke in riddles,
hypotheticals, and metaphors.
It did no good at all.
Oh, dear, I'm sure
that's not the case.
Your father loves you
so very much,
and he wants the best
for you at all times.
That much I'm sure of.
Sometimes it feels like
he just wants me to be
like a pretty butterfly
under glass.
Your father, the king, cares
and wants nothing more than to
protect his only little troll.
Then he's never heard
of the saying
"If you love something,
set it free."
But, Cupcake,
there are perils out there
beyond the safety
of the kingdom.
As king, your father
knows this only too well.
And I'm willing
to face them head on.
I'm not a child anymore.
I wish my father could see that.
You'll always be
that toothy baby troll to him.
Yes, well, that's the problem,
Fairy Pie.
That's the problem.
Look up ahead!
There it is, Bellyrumble...
the Warlock Castle.
Mm, I sure hope
Thorn the Warlock can help us.
We're about to find out.
Come on.
Let's do this.
We need to get back
and warn King Basil.
And if we also have a solution,
it will be that much better.
Attackers, who has sent you?
Attackers? Us?
No!
We mean no harm, Thorn.
Apologies for the intrusion,
but we were directed to see you
by a concerned friend.
Oh?
Concerned about what?
Well, that's just it.
Uh, we're not exactly sure.
Not sure?
What brand of madness is this?
Who's the sorcerer that has led
confused garden gnomes
to my castle?
Garden gnomes?
No, no.
I'm a troll. From
the Kingdom of the Wee Trolls.
And I'm a fairy
from the Great Land of Lard.
Tomato, to-mah-to.
I grow succulent Romas
in my garden,
and I always need
a good gnome or two
to protect them
from the fairy wasps.
How would you gnomes like
to work for Thorn the Warlock?
I don't send you
on baffled goose chases
like your current employer.
We appreciate the offer, Thorn,
but we really came here
of our own accord.
We know a dreadful little troll
named Grunt,
who somehow mastered the Mighty
Spell of the Dreary Put-downs.
Ah.
Is that so?
Yes, and he's used it
on the most powerful
creature in our land...
- Scorch the Mighty Dragon.
- Scorch.
I have tried for millennia
to recruit Scorch,
but he's his own dragon.
It would surely take a magician
of considerable strength
to weaken that dragon's resolve.
Well, I think
we know that magician,
and he's up to no good.
Indeed, gnome,
if one were to fill
that mighty dragon with magic,
I can't think
of any spell more powerful
than the Mighty Spell
of the Dreary Put-downs.
That's exactly our concern,
Thorn.
And with Scorch on his side,
there's no telling
what mayhem that runt Grunt
can unleash
on our peaceful kingdom.
Those words you speak
are true, gnome.
Come on!
Listen to me,
and listen closely.
The Mighty Spell
of the Dreary Put-downs
has felled daring souls
for longer
than I've been practicing magic.
Whoa.
Its formidable power
saps brave spirits
and crushes the hopes
of dreamers everywhere
by robbing them
of their gumption
and instilling insidious,
insurmountable doubt.
- Oh, my.
- When attacked
with the Mighty Spell
of the Dreary Put-downs,
heroes can become cowards,
powerhouses
can become weaklings,
and wise men can become fools.
It makes its victims
feel so worthless
that they succumb to the will
of the spell's wielder,
becoming mindless minions.
The spell can also banish
beings to other lands,
- even other dimensions.
- Oh, wow.
Anyone who masters this spell
stands an excellent chance
of toppling
any kingdom they choose.
And if this Grunt
has targeted your land,
well, I'm afraid your situation
is at its most dire.
Can you help us, Thorn?
I'm afraid not, gnome.
Hey, for the last time,
we are not...
Then is there
anything we can do?
Any way
we can combat this spell?
Or at least stop the little
troll who's wielding it?
I suggest you warn
your king at once.
- That's it?
- Unless you gnomes
would like to guard
my Roma tomatoes.
No, that's okay.
Thanks for your time, Thorn.
Let's go, Belly.
Yeah, let's.
We have a kingdom to save!
Can you believe that...
calling us gnomes?
I wonder if he's ever
even met a fairy
- from the Great Land of Lard.
- Doesn't matter.
The Kingdom of the Wee Trolls
needs us now more than ever,
Belly.
And whether some old warlock
wants to help us or not,
I don't plan to let
the trolls down.
That's right.
That old buster really lit
a fire under me, Leaf.
Let's stop that jerk Grunt
and make sure that Troll Land
is safe and secure
for all trolls... and fairies.
That's the spirit.
Hoorah!
Belly, what's gotten into you?
I thought you were worried
about all this.
Oh, I am.
I'm scared silly, actually.
But I brought
some candy bars with us,
and I've been nibbling.
Think I'm having a sugar rush.
- I'll probably crash soon.
- Gotcha.
Well, the trip back
is always faster.
Whoo-hoo!
Let's go-o-o-o-o-o!
Ohh, boy.
Here we are, Scorch.
The Evil Goblins' Kingdom.
I've only read about this place,
but I always knew
I'd come here one day.
Why did you always know, Grunt?
Because, you dumb goof,
I've been destined for power
since I was a tad-troll.
I just had to bide my time
and wait for the right moment,
like now.
Oh, I see.
No, you don't, dummy.
You only see
what I point out to you.
Now keep your jaw shut
and your fangs bared.
But, uh,
how can I keep my jaw shut
and my fangs bared
at the same time?
You know what I mean.
No, I really don't.
Scorch, I swear,
if you don't stop needling me,
I'm gonna turn you into a gecko.
Then you'll be even uglier
than you are now.
You want that?
- Uh, I hate geckos.
- That's right.
Geckos are ugly...
even if you're smart enough
to know that,
and I use the word "smart"
very loosely.
Now, when we meet the goblin
king, you let me lead.
- Got it?
- Where will you lead him?
Sometimes, I don't
know how you made it this far.
Uh, I just followed you, Grunt.
Where you go, I go.
Remember?
I can't even... Oh!
Forget it.
Come on.
Let's find that goblin king.
I'm gonna give him
an offer he can't refuse.
Lock up King Basil
and throw away the key?
Why would I do that?
Goblins have no quarrel
with the trolls.
Maybe not,
but do you know the Wee Trolls
have never respected
your people or your kingship?
So what?
What do I care about opinions
from another land?
And who are you, troll?
How do I know
these disparaging opinions
don't start and end with you?
You just got to
take my word for it, King Frown.
Eh. If I took the word of
all who came before my throne,
I'd have been overthrown
long ago
and would be panhandling coins
from you
on your way
through our goblin gates.
Begone, strange troll.
But you. Ohh!
We could use a good dragon
around here
to keep rabble like this
from wandering in unannounced.
Rabble?
King Frown, allow me
to introduce myself.
My name's Grunt.
Uh-huh.
What say you, dragon?
Care to join our Goblin Kingdom?
You can have
all the trapdeleracon eggs
you can eat for your first year.
Maybe you didn't hear me, King.
I said, "My name is G..."
I heard you just fine,
sales-troll, and I'm not buying.
Now let yourself out,
or I'll have my castle guards
show you the way.
Oh.
That won't be necessary, King.
Or possible.
Have you, uh, seen
your guards lately?
You haven't, have you?
Guards!
Save your breath, ruler.
Like I just said,
my name's Grunt,
and I'm calling the shots now.
You're mad.
You'll meet the gallows
for this.
Scorch, give him
a demonstration.
Rrrrarrggh!
So, there's that, and, uh...
Guard!
I told you already...
There are no guards.
I turned them into dung beetles.
And they're now busy
rolling dung.
But, uh...
But... B-But...
These are the effects
of the Mighty Spell
of the Dreary Put-downs.
Your guards are now beetles,
and you are powerless before me.
I'll turn you
into a dung beetle, too...
unless you choose
to accept my deal.
Deal?
What deal?
Oh.
One I think you'll enjoy...
more than becoming
my minion, anyway.
Like I said, lock up King Basil,
and, in return, I'll deliver
his daughter, Princess Cupcake.
Or should I say your new bride,
Queen Frown?
Hmm.
Gutsy, troll.
Very gutsy.
I've been called worse.
I've been searching for a queen
with whom to share my kingdom
for some time now.
And you will finally have one.
Delivered to you
on a silver platter.
And what will become
of the Kingdom of the Wee Trolls
once their king is deposed?
How does "King Grunt" sound?
I hope the king's home, Leaf.
What if he's out
hunting trapdeleracons
and Grunt attacks us?
We'll do what any good troll
would do, Belly...
defend the castle
as if it were ours.
I knew I should have grabbed
dinner before we did this.
Halt!
Who goes there?
It's us, Warble...
Leaf and Belly Rub.
There are no friendships
on duty.
Turn around
and return to your posts.
Warble, come on.
We need to see King Basil.
It's important.
Yeah.
Remember that jerk Grunt,
who used to pick on you
in troll school?
He's learned magic, and he's
plotting against the kingdom.
No way!
Uh, turn around,
or I'll run you through.
Come on, Warble.
You're just talking crazy now.
Yeah.
We're just trying to help.
You don't want to hurt
the kingdom, do you, Warble?
What's going on here?
Did I hear you right?
Grunt is plotting against us?
I'm afraid so, Princess,
and it's not just him.
He's got Scorch the Dragon
on his side.
Ohh!
Now the plot thickens.
You didn't say anything
about Scorch being involved.
Lies, Princess.
These two
were reputed class clowns.
They can't be trusted.
Oh, nonsense!
Stand down, Warble.
I'm taking these two
to see my father.
Follow me.
Wee Grunt?
Surely, you creatures
are mistaken.
What could he possibly have
against our kingdom?
I don't know, King.
All I know is,
he's always been a malcontent,
and now he's learned dark magic
and enlisted Scorch.
It adds up to trouble.
I think it's better
to be safe than sorry.
But what magic
could little Grunt
possibly have learned that
would imperil our whole kingdom?
The Mighty Spell
of the Dreary Put-downs.
Scorch,
once that lousy King Basil's
out of the way, and I take my
rightful seat on his throne...
Oh.
I hope it ain't warm.
There ain't nothing I hate worse
than sitting on a warm throne
after someone
just gets off of it.
Blechh! Icky!
Why don't you just build
your own throne, Grunt?
As king,
you can do whatever you want.
Yeah!
I'll just build a new one.
Better yet,
I'll have you build it.
You're a big, dumb lug.
You can handle
the construction gigs.
Oh. Okay.
And with the king
and his spoiled brat
gone to the goblins forever,
I'll rechristen this land
Kingdom of the Mighty Grunt.
Breathe fire, stupid.
What?!
You're supposed to breathe fire
to punctuate what I said.
Oh, never mind.
The future's so bright, Scorch,
we should get you some shades.
In fact, why wait?
I'm gonna put my plan in action
right now, this very instant.
Sharpen my sword
and direct my word.
Bring permanent toil and trouble
with legless cat
and wingless bird.
King Basil's crown
in the soup shall bubble.
The Mighty Spell
of the Dreary Put-downs?
I've only seen it used once
in all my years...
on Ollie the Savage.
He was never the same
after that.
Indeed.
He was known
as Ollie the Sensitive
after that spell...
until he eventually wandered off
one day,
never to return.
He disappeared?
I'm afraid so.
He left a sorrow-filled letter
in his wake,
and, poof, gone.
That's terrible.
Yeah. How do we guard against
a spell that can do that?
I'd say there's no need.
We haven't seen
that spell in ages,
and its potency depends greatly
on the one who wields it.
Even if he were able
to throw it,
Grunt hasn't practiced magic
long enough to truly wield
the full power of the Mighty
Spell of the Dreary Put...
Father?
Father!
Oh, no.
No, no, no, no.
Say it isn't so.
Leaf? Look.
Where did he go?
What do we do?!
I-I don't know.
We're under attack.
We have to regroup.
- We must...
- Run?
One, two, three, four.
Phew!
We're all still here.
All but one.
Don't fall apart on me,
Fairy Pie.
Does every troll have
all their fingers and toes?
- Check.
- Yes.
- Okay.
Father taught me to stay calm
in the heat of battle.
If we panic, we've lost,
and if we lose,
I don't know what that
will mean for the king.
Cupcake, I found him.
I found the king.
Where, Fairy?
Where is he?
He's been taken prisoner
by the evil goblins.
King Frown
has taken our King Basil.
No!
He's the meanest goblin ever.
Princess, consider us
under your command.
What can we do?
That's kind of you, Leaf.
Thank you.
But I've never faced
magic like this before.
I don't
Princess, if I may,
I know someone who may
be able to assist us.
Tell us, Fairy Pie.
Who?
His name is
Sage of the Enchanted Forest.
His foresight and white magic
are some of the best around.
All right.
Where can we find him?
He resides in the Land of Sages.
The Land of Sages?
Is that far?
Do I need to go pack snacks?
Bellyrumble,
now is not the time.
Any time is a good time
for a snack.
Leaf, Bellyrumble,
go to the Land of Sages
and find the Sage
of the Enchanted Forest.
See if he can help us.
Meanwhile, Fairy Pie and I
will find the goblins
and, hopefully, my father.
Deal.
And don't worry, Princess.
We'll get him back.
Hey. I skipped breakfast
this morning.
I really think we ought to grab
some snacks before we go.
For our energy.
Okay, Belly, okay.
We'll get snacks.
Come on.
Time's a-wasting.
If we lose contact,
we'll meet back here.
Troll-speed, and good luck.
Welcome, King.
Or should I say "Ex-King"?
King Frown.
I should have known you were
behind the plot
against our kingdom.
Oh, but that's where
you're wrong, Basil.
I am but a cog in the wheel
that has run
right over your troll throne.
The real enemy
is one of your own.
Don't tell me.
Wee Grunt is to blame.
Why, yes.
It seems you're not
as bewildered as you look.
Save it for a troll
that was born yesterday, goblin.
You expect me to believe
that... that little troll
cast a complicated
multidimensional evil spell
to overthrow his own kingdom
and steal my throne?
Yes.
And do what?
He can't even spell words, much
less wield high-level magic.
Well, he did, but that's
not all Grunt's up to, Basil.
He made me a promise.
A deal, if you will.
And I'm here to collect
from you.
Collect what?
Cupcake's little troll hand
in marriage.
Oh, Fairy Pie,
I'm trying not to despair,
but I don't know that
we're doing the right thing.
The Goblin Kingdom
isn't easy to find.
We could search all day
and night and never find it.
Cupcake, we must have faith.
Where there's a will,
there's always a way.
The king of the Woodland Elves
can help us gain entry
to the Goblin Kingdom.
He's an old friend.
Really?
Fairy, that's wonderful.
Where can we find him?
Well, the lairs
of the Woodland Elves
aren't as obvious
as other kings' and queens'.
We'll need help.
Oh, Fairy!
Don't fret, Cupcake.
We have
the best help imaginable...
the wise oracle Thorn!
And where do we find
this wise oracle?
That's easy.
Thorn lives in the Land of No.
You want to ask
for the most important favor
we'll ever ask
in the Land of No?
Yes.
I don't know about this,
Fairy Pie.
I do.
Come on, Princess.
It's not far.
We'll be there in no time.
Here we are, Belly,
the Land of Sages.
Hmm.
Nothing special about it.
Huh?!
What was that?!
Probably a squirrel
or something. I don't know.
What if we're being followed?
- By who?
- I don't know.
Just a spy
or something like that...
with poison darts just waiting
for a clear shot at us.
Eek.
We ought to cover our heads.
Belly, your imagination's
running wild.
Like troll-mania.
Keep your eyes open.
The Sage of the Enchanted Forest
can't be far.
Leaf, what if he gets mad?
Mad at us?
Yeah.
What's there to be mad about?
We'll just explain our situation
and ask for his help.
If he says no, he says no.
If he gets mad, oh, well.
"Oh, well"?
He's a powerful
white-magic sorcerer.
What if he doesn't want us here?
There's nothing
we can do about it now.
We're here.
Keep an eye out.
Oh, that's reassuring.
Look at this place, Scorch.
It's got good bones.
Bones?
Where?
I love bones.
Oh, I don't mean literally,
you scaly overgrown lizard.
I mean the place has potential.
And just as soon
as I assume Basil's throne,
these streets, these huts,
and all these trolls
will belong to me.
Scorch, you're supposed
to breathe fire. Remember?
Oh, yeah.
We're almost there now, Cupcake.
We can find Thorn
just up ahead.
Are you sure he'll give us
the answers we seek?
He's never let me down
whenever I've needed him.
I can't imagine he'll start now
when we need him most.
Let me get this straight.
One of your fellow trolls
mastered the Mighty Spell
of the Dreary Put-downs
and used it
to abduct King Basil?
That's it in a nutshell, Thorn.
Sounds familiar.
Well, you're in
quite the conundrum, it seems.
- Right.
- I assume you've come to me
for some type of assistance
in this matter.
Thorn, my father is being held
captive in the Goblin Kingdom.
We plan to go there and bring
him home, where he belongs.
In the Goblin Kingdom, eh?
You make it sound easy,
Princess.
Is it not so?
Well, it's not
exactly like strolling
into Bed Bath & Beyond.
Thorn, Fairy Pie recommended you
to point us
to the Goblin Kingdom.
If you could just get us there,
we'll do the rest.
Say no more, fair princess.
Oh, thank you.
If you could lend
any assistance in our quest,
we'd be forever indebted.
What you ask is possible,
but there's no easy route
to the Goblin Kingdom, trolls.
Any path you choose
is fraught with its own perils.
We understand, Thorn,
but we're willing
to face those perils
for our king.
Ooh!
Every monarch should be so lucky
as to have such devoted minions
as you.
Travel through
the Land of Icicle and Thorns
to find
the king of the Woodland Elves.
But be warned.
This land is very dangerous,
and the Woodland Elves' king
was just robbed of his insults
by the goblins.
He may not be receptive
to anything goblin.
That could work in our favor,
though, right?
Theoretically, but you won't
know by talking to the king.
Since the goblins
stole his insults,
he can only say nice things,
even if he doesn't mean them.
Wow.
Thank you for the insight,
old friend.
You have yet to let me down.
Anything for the fairest
Fairy Pie in the land.
Oh, thank you, Thorn.
You're very welcome.
Before you go, Princess,
I'd like to share something
I'm not sure you're aware of.
Oh? Yes?
Your troll ancestors
were strong with magic.
Part of their strengths
were sugar and nice,
condensed and directed powers
of positivity
that could thwart
any insult thrown their way.
Indeed, they were
largely impervious to threats
such as the Mighty Spell
of the Dreary Put-downs.
I never knew.
Well, now you know,
and, Princess, you possess
these powers, as well.
They live inside you to be
summoned whenever you need them.
Remember this,
should you ever find yourself
threatened or under attack.
Thank you, Thorn.
Any time, Princess.
Sure thing, Thorn.
Talk soon.
He kidnapped your king?
Why, that devious little runt.
- Ha!
- We've come to you
for your wisdom
and for your help, Sage.
What can we do to save our king?
There's precious little
recourse, I'm afraid.
- What's that mean?
- Shush.
The spell of which you speak
will not be broken
by any traditional means,
especially if you have no access
to your overthrown king.
Only potent counter-magic
can undo
what has already been done.
Thank you for the advice, Sage,
- but we don't know magic.
- That's true.
I've never cast a spell
in my life.
Uh, magic will never yield
its results for a novice,
unsightly creatures.
The action you seek
requires high-level sorcery.
Uh, well, that pretty
much disqualifies us.
Granted,
though it may disqualify you,
your mission is not lost.
- It's not?
- Carry on
and locate
the Blackthorn Tree Fairies.
They, and they alone,
hold mastery
of the Good Deed Spell
of the Blackthorn Forest.
Mm, I don't know.
That sounds pretty high-level
to me.
What's the difference?
Shush.
Let him talk.
Only with this spell
can you drive back
the Mighty Spell
of the Dreary Put-downs
and return your troll king
to his throne...
provided he has not
already met his fate.
Oh, no.
What fate is that?
The catacombs
of the Goblin Kingdom.
Sh... Shoo!
Go away, rodent.
- Leave me be.
- Shoo yourself.
Don't pull that king routine
on me, prisoner.
We're all in the same boat
down here.
Sorcery?
What new magic do I now face?
Ah, you're so dramatic.
Give it a rest, why don't you?
Your voice sounds familiar,
rodent.
It should.
You've dealt with me for years.
When the both of us wore crowns.
Who are you?
King Chomps, ex-leader of the
Goblin Kingdom, at your service.
Chomps?
But how did...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I get it all the time.
"How did you go from being
the most powerful king
in the land"...
no offense, Basil...
"to a dungeon rat
in your own kingdom?"
- Well?
- That creep King Frown
waited till my guard was down,
then overthrew me with a spell
that turned me
from the handsome goblin I was
into, uh, this.
But why?
Power, prestige,
fair goblin maidens.
Do we ever really know why?
What's done is done.
Now here I am.
Aye, and here I am,
alongside you.
At least you're still a troll.
I mean, ordinarily, that
wouldn't be such a good thing,
but, you know.
- Yeah, Chomps, I know.
- To each their own.
Anyway, welcome to
the notorious goblin catacombs.
Get as comfortable as you can.
You're gonna be here awhile.
Who says?
King Frown, of course.
Sounds like you have a bone
to pick with him, Chomps.
- You know it.
- And you came out
of that hole in the wall
over there.
Where does it lead?
The bowels of the catacombs.
And can I fit through there?
Not unless you've got
a hammer and chisel, big boy.
Oh, well, I don't,
but like you said,
I do have time.
That you do.
Chomps, will you help me
get out of here
if I help you reverse that spell
and reclaim your throne?
Because you're an expert wizard?
If you were, you wouldn't be
stuck down here with me.
I'm no wizard, but there
are trolls looking for me,
and sooner or later,
they will find me.
Then we'll have
strength in numbers.
Uh-huh.
I've heard that one before.
Tell you what.
Let me know when they get here.
I'm gonna get back to me nap.
Oh. Do me a favor
and keep it down, yeah?
No screaming or hollering
till at least your second week.
I have established
a balance around here.
Like I said,
they're going to find me.
Think about it.
Okay, troll.
See you in the morning.
And don't snore, all right?
I can't stand snoring.
Oh, Leaf, this was a bad idea.
I've heard terrible things
about Blackthorn Forest.
Yeah? Like what?
Mm, I can't think
of anything right now.
I'm too hungry.
Uh-huh. Hmm.
Sounds to me like
that's your problem.
I bet if we get some snacks
in that belly of yours,
- you'll mellow right out.
- Snacks?
Do we have any more?
I'm famished.
Just a little further,
Bellyrumble,
and I promise...
As soon as we're done,
we'll feast all night.
I'm gonna hold you to that,
Leaf.
Stop right where you are,
cutie pies.
That's Fairy Pie to you,
stranger.
Whatever you say, mosquito.
What did you... What did you...
What? What?
Wait!
Why, you...
Don't pay him any mind,
Fairy Pie.
He's just trying
to get under your skin.
I'll have you know,
I'm a fairy godmother,
and she's a troll princess.
So there, you... you beast.
Beast? Oh.
I prefer Grubhead.
So, what are you two cutie pies
doing around these parts?
Are you lost?
We're on our way to see
the king of the Woodland Elves,
if you must know.
Oh!
Highfalutin, are we?
And which way are we headed,
if I may ask?
That's our business.
Hey, I'm just asking because
there's more than one way
to reach the king.
Oh, yeah?
And no matter which way you go,
you will get lost
without my help.
These are my lands.
Oh, yeah? We know every single
way to reach the king.
Thank you very much.
We don't need your help.
Aha!
I caught you.
I knew you were lying to me.
There's only one way to reach
the king of the Woodland Elves.
Okay.
You got us.
We're lost, and it's so cold.
We've come all the way from
the Kingdom of the Wee Trolls
to rescue my father, King Basil.
He's being held prisoner
in the Goblin Kingdom,
and we need the king
of the Woodland Elves' help
to bring him home.
Are you kidding me?
That's the plot of a soap opera.
She's not kidding you,
and we're running out of time.
Can you help us,
whatever you are,
or do we have to go around you
after I punch you in the nose?
Oh, I'll help you.
If you solve my riddle, that is.
Your riddle?
Yep.
Solve my riddle,
and I'll get you
where you want to go.
But fail or refuse,
and lose your way here
amid the icicles and thorns...
forever.
I knew it.
You're a warlock.
I'm a businessman
with a little magic wager.
That's all.
We're wasting time,
and we're lost.
Okay.
What's your riddle?
"When I grow,
I get closer to the ground.
What am I?"
I can't believe
you agreed to this, Cupcake.
Hush, tsetse fly.
Bah! You!
Quiet, ugly thing.
Quiet, both of you.
"When I grow,
I get closer to the ground."
An icicle.
It's an icicle, right?
Oh! Right.
Of course.
Oh, fine.
You guessed it.
Head 1 mile that way.
And watch out
for the thornbushes.
See you 'round, parasite.
I don't know
what you're so happy about.
- You didn't solve it, gnat.
- Worm.
You want to try your hand
at another riddle?
Double or nothing.
Come on.
I dare you.
In your dreams.
I didn't think so.
Scram before I find
my bug spray.
Don't worry, live bait.
We're leaving.
Have fun with the icicles
and your thorns.
Enough, Fairy Pie.
Let's go.
Say, are you a fairy
from the Land of Lard?
Nope.
I'm Blackthorn fairy.
Blackthorn fairy!
Exactly who we're looking for.
Can we have a word
with you, kind fairy?
My name's Boobooroo.
What's the word?
Got any snacks?
Uh, that's three words.
Try "rescue."
Boobooroo, we're from
the Kingdom of the Wee Trolls,
and our king's been taken
prisoner in the Goblin Kingdom.
The only thing that can counter
the spell that took him
is your Good Deed Spell of...
- The Blackthorn Forest.
- Yes!
No.
Wait. What?
The Good Deed Spell
of the Blackthorn Forest
is far too powerful
to be wielded by anyone
other than
Blackthorn Tree Fairies.
And definitely not trolls.
Hey! I'm a fairy
from the Great Land of Lard.
Boobooroo, please.
We need magic
to reverse the magic
that kidnapped our king.
Guess you should have
learned some spells, then.
The Good Deed Spell wouldn't do
you any good, anyway.
Why not?
Because even if you mastered it,
it only works here
in the Blackthorn Forest.
Like the name says,
silly trolls.
Hey, I'm not a troll.
And I'll put a sausage grinder
over there
and a blacksmith over there,
and we'll host jousts over there
to settle any citizen disputes.
I know how to run the kingdom.
When I'm in charge,
this place will be the model
for every kingdom around it
from now till the end of time.
Oh, that's a long time.
That's forever, you rube.
Oh, right.
When is this plan
gonna take place?
I'm biding my time,
watching who's doing what.
When I've got
a good feel for things,
we'll announce me
as the new king.
Once that happens, there will be
no more mingling incognito.
This is a golden time, Scorch.
The calm before the storm.
Uh, you know
there's a spell out there
that could override yours,
- right?
- What spell?
The Good Deed Spell
of the Blackthorn Forest.
The Good Deed.
Why didn't
you mention this before?
Oh, you know what?
Never mind.
I don't care.
We'll do what any
forward-thinking ruthless leader
would do and burn down
the Blackthorn Forest.
Get your fire breath ready,
dragon.
Our king lives here.
He has precautions
against unannounced visitors,
but if you can get past them,
he'll speak with you.
Wait just a second.
Precautions?
What kind of precautions?
I'm not allowed to say.
Fairy rules.
What happens
in Blackthorn Forest
stays in Blackthorn Forest.
Thank you, Boobooroo,
for bringing us here
and at least giving us a chance.
Hey, don't mention it, troll.
Be careful, and good luck.
Leaf, should we really do this?
We're not turning back now,
Belly.
Come on.
Hey, Leaf,
do you feel what I feel?
Hmm. Yes.
All of a sudden,
I feel very happy.
Me too.
Hmm.
Do you think that...
We're sensing the power
of the Good Deed Spell
of the Blackthorn Forest.
Halt, creatures.
Hi, there.
Hi, yourself, trespasser.
No.
Boobooroo sent us.
We're no trespassers.
I'll be the judge of that.
I'm Bumblestick the Fairy,
gatekeeper
of the king's quarters.
He has a guard
for his coin collection?
He must have a lot of quarters.
Never mind, Belly.
We're here to see the king.
Huh.
Oh, okay.
Right this way.
Wow.
That was easy.
Shh.
She's being sarcastic.
Oh.
What do you think this is...
troll charity?
You're in the lair of the
Blackthorn Tree Fairies' king.
We come in peace.
Our kingdom's under attack,
and your people can help us.
Is that so?
What are you offering in return,
creatures?
Our eternal gratitude?
Ha! You've come to
the wrong place for handouts.
But we may be able
to have a little fun.
Fun?
Oh, I'd love some fun.
This is getting too serious.
Answer my riddle,
and I'll grant you
a moment with our king.
But fail,
and I'll banish you
to wander the Blackthorn Forest
for the rest of your days.
Uh, that doesn't sound fun.
Straight deal, just like I said.
You're on.
Leaf!
Now we're talking.
"What does a tree do
when it's ready to go home?"
Any ideas?
I believe
I've made a grave mistake
accepting this challenge, Belly.
- Oh, how I wish we could leave.
- That's it!
"What does a tree do
when it's ready to go home?"
It leaves.
You did it, Belly!
You did it!
I thought
fairies from the Land of Lard
were supposed to be stupid.
Fine.
Follow me.
We haven't seen a thornbush
in about a mile.
Oh, Fairy,
the Woodland Elves' king
has to help us.
- He just has to.
- Take heart, Princess.
We need the power of your belief
now more than ever.
Stop right there.
What in tarnation is this?
A troll maiden
and some kind of flea?
A flea?
Why, you...
Sir, we're running out of time.
I'm Princess Cupcake from
the Kingdom of the Wee Trolls,
and our land is in grave danger.
Oh, whoa!
Princess Cupcake,
my little girl dressed up
as you for Halloween.
She just loves you so much.
She wants to be you
when she grows up.
Oh, my.
That's so sweet.
My name's Pluck.
I'm the king's right-hand elf.
Hello.
It's nice to meet you, Pluck.
Charmed. Listen, guard,
we're here to see your king.
Can we dispense with
the niceties and chop-chop?
Fairy! Be nice.
Oh, go right ahead,
but he doesn't really say
what he means lately.
An evil spell
robbed him of his insults,
and, well, he's pretty nice.
You see, the king's
usually pretty colorful
with his language,
and now he's not,
so you have to kind of
read between the lines.
Thank you, Pluck.
Don't mention it, Princess.
Off you go, Scorch,
and, remember, when you reach
the Blackthorn Forest,
find me that Good Deed Spell,
and, once you have it,
burn that land to the dirt.
Um yes, Grunt.
Your story is a harrowing one
to say the least, young trolls.
However, we speak truth only
in my chambers,
and, Leaf,
I know the true reason
you have embarked
upon this perilous quest.
- You do?
- I do.
It is your unspoken love
for the Princess Cupcake
that has led you so far
from your homeland
into the waiting jaws
of certain doom.
Wait.
The what?
Jaws of doom?
That's not good.
To be sure, love makes
creatures do strange things.
You're not wrong in your quest.
And your journey,
should you survive it,
will only yield
newfound strength and wisdom.
Gee. Again, though,
"should you survive"...
I don't like the sound of that.
Our Good Deed Spell
of the Blackthorn Forest
can, indeed, thwart the Mighty
Spell of the Dreary Put-downs,
but as you heard,
it is only applicable
within the borders
of our lush woodlands.
It cannot be transported
by an outsider,
and, thus, I'm afraid it can do
you no good in enemy lands.
Oh.
But do not despair, young troll.
That's just it, King.
I haven't been despairing.
But I'd say now is
a pretty good time to start.
Leaf, listen to the wisdom
of an age-old king.
Do not fall yet.
The strength you've been
searching for resides within.
Trust and believe
in your own innate power,
and you will not fail.
Do you understand?
Yes.
King, the dragon Scorch has
been sighted in forest airspace.
His claws are bared,
and his nostrils are flaming.
We're under attack!
♪ I'm gonna run, run, run ♪
♪ Till I find you ♪
♪ Till I get to you ♪
♪ I'm gonna run, run, run ♪
This is it, Fairy Pie.
I can see the king's lair
up ahead.
We're hoping he has a good heart
and shows mercy on our plight.
♪ Till I get to you ♪
♪ I'm gonna run, run, run ♪
♪ Till I find you ♪
♪ Till I get to you ♪
Welcome,
troll princess and, uh...
sparrow.
Fairy.
This is Fairy Pie, King.
She's my fairy godmother
and companion on this
treacherous journey of ours.
I see.
And what brings
you wonderful creatures
to my woods this lovely day?
Our king, my father,
is in dire straits,
and we wanted to ask a favor,
Your Highness.
Oh? Go on.
My father has been taken hostage
through the casting
of an evil spell,
and he's being held captive
in the Goblin Kingdom.
And we want to enter the
Goblin Kingdom to rescue him.
As a king yourself, I'm sure you
can appreciate our predicament.
I certainly can.
But the Goblin Kingdom
is a dangerous land.
Surely no place for a princess
or a, uh, swallow.
- Fairy.
- Ah.
At any rate, the goblins
aren't the friendliest bunch
in the land.
That's putting it mildly.
Mildly is the only way
I can put it these days.
My normally scathing
and colorful insults
were stolen from me by that
scoundrel, the goblin king.
Um, King, what if we were to,
say, return your insults to you?
Then would you consider granting
us entry to the Goblin Kingdom?
Why, I think
that would be wonderful, indeed.
How's it hanging, King?
I've got to get out of here,
Chomps.
I have to get back
to my kingdom.
You might not need me
after all, King.
That rescue party you mentioned
is on its way.
What are you talking about?
Princess Cupcake
and some flying thing.
A woodpecker or something.
Fairy Pie.
She's my daughter's
fairy godmother and protector.
Okay.
Yeah, that.
They've just entered
the Goblin Kingdom
and are headed this way.
What?
How do you know this, Chomps?
I'm a rat.
Rats are super-sneaky.
Yeah.
I see everything
that goes on around here.
My goodness!
They're in danger!
They could be walking
into a trap.
Could be?
They're up Goblin Gulf
without a paddle,
in my estimation.
All we can do is prepare
to witness their demise.
Hello, there, cute princess.
You have finally arrived
to marry me.
Why don't you let my father go?
And I won't turn you into a...
I love a troll princess
with some spunk.
You'll make
an excellent goblin queen.
Over my dead troll body.
Oh, what are
you supposed to be... a moth?
Try a fairy godmother,
goblin-face.
I know.
Handsome, aren't I?
Only if I had bad eyes.
It's a good thing there
aren't any mirrors in here.
Why don't you try
a different costume, King Frown?
How about a cuddly bunny rabbit?
- Huh?
- Prepare
for some troll magic, goblin.
For one who acts so big and bad,
the thing you do
just makes us sad.
Your poison venom
becomes sweet honey
and your goblin hide
a cuddly bunny.
Ha ha ha.
Very cute.
Oh, boy.
I'm scared, Belly.
You puny little worms.
Now I shall...
Um...
what am I supposed to do, again?
Oh, yeah!
I'm gonna devour you.
Just remember what
the Blackthorn Tree Fairy king
- told you.
- About not being able
to use
the Blackthorn Forest spell?
No.
About having power within.
It's inside you, Leaf.
Let it out.
Now! No-o-o-w!
Roaring through the skies,
meanest dragon you can't find,
become a sweet dragon.
Be gentle and kind.
What happened?
Hey, guys.
What's going on?
Yeah!
It worked!
Cupcake,
what are we fighting for?
Why don't you drop
all this silly animosity
and come get hitched?
Eww! Princess Cupcake
will never marry you, ugly.
By the powers of the trolls,
I'll let you know,
to turn this mean beast
into a soft flake of snow.
You did it, Cupcake.
You found your magic.
Cupcake, how in the world
were you able to find me?
And what of King Frown?
King Frown's gone, Father,
never to return.
I found my magic.
Oh, Cupcake,
my dear, dear daughter.
Are you all right?
They didn't hurt you, did they?
I'm fine, I'm fine.
What about you?
This couldn't have been easy.
You have no idea.
Cupcake, I've been guilty
of a lack of foresight
when it comes to you.
What do you mean, Father?
You're a magical troll princess.
It's your birthright.
And I've been coddling you
like a little Wee Troll.
For that, I'm sorry.
Please, forgive me.
There's nothing to forgive,
Father.
I know you made the decisions
you made because you love me,
and for that,
I can only thank you.
Aww. Shucks.
I didn't know
this would be such a tearjerker.
When we find Grunt and he sees
Scorch has switched sides,
I bet
he doesn't even put up a fight.
I sure hope not.
I'm tuckered out.
I sure could use a sandwich.
And I could use a nap.
I haven't worked this much
or breathed this much fire
in, well... never.
My wings and nostrils
are aching.
Then let's get this over with
and tuck you in
for some R and R, big buddy.
I can't believe you accomplished
your mission in such short time,
Princess Cupcake.
No one's ever infiltrated
the Goblin Kingdom
and freed a prisoner before.
King Basil, you must be
very proud of this young troll.
I am, King of the Elves.
Oh, about that.
As you know,
I've ruled these woods
for a very, very long time,
and while I love my kingdom
and my elves,
it gets lonely out here.
What are you telling us, King?
Asking is more like it.
Cupcake, your devotion
and bravery to your kingdom
is so inspiring, and I...
I'd like to ask your permission
to join
the Kingdom of the Trolls.
But who will lead your land
if you leave?
There are many elves here
who are ready
and interested to lead.
Well, if you're
truly interested, King,
consider yourself
an honorary troll.
All right!
Oh, I almost forgot.
Since you've been so helpful,
I want to use my newfound magic
to give you something in return.
Being nice for so long
clearly gave you a fit.
Take this last gift.
It's your old caustic wit.
Why, that King Frown is
a no-good, dirty, low-down...
Not in front of the princess!
Say, where'd Scorch go?
He's... Oh.
Nice try, trolls.
But my magic is strong.
And your goofy spells
are weak sauce.
I'll give you one chance
to bow down to your new leader,
King Grunt the Great,
before my minion Scorch here
turns you both to ash.
Thanks for the offer, Grunt,
but we already have a leader.
His name's King Basil,
and he's coming home,
whether you like it or not.
Have it your way, fools.
Scorch, fry these nitwits.
Oh, all right.
Flesh from bone, a dragon rends.
Turn us back into old friends.
What are you doing?
Hey, stupid, I said
char these two to cinders.
Do it... now!
Bully trolls
can scream and shout.
Now go away and just chill out.
Oh, look at you.
Scorch, you good?
Yep.
Never been better.
And now time to go back
to my lair and have a nap.
Welcome home, King Basil.
I just want to say that, without
your daughter's special bravery,
we couldn't have saved
our Kingdom of the Trolls.
I second that.
Hey, I smell food.
Is there a banquet table around?
Leaf, Bellyrumble,
I want to thank you
for your special bravery,
and, as a reward, invite you
to take any riches
from my castle
that your hearts desire.
Oh!
Where's the kitchen?
Um, with all due respect, King,
the only thing in your castle
that my heart desires...
is Princess Cupcake's hand.
Cupcake, will you marry me?
I-I...
I will. Yes.
I'll marry you, Leaf.
What a lucky troll I am!
I got my kingdom and a son.
Yeah!
Oh, my God.
♪ I'm gonna run, run, run ♪
♪ Till I find you ♪
♪ Till I get to you ♪
♪ I'm gonna run, run, run ♪
♪ Till I find you ♪
♪ Till I get to you ♪
♪ I'm gonna run, run... ♪
Old fella.
Who are you, creeper?
My name's Grubhead.
And I have an offer
that might interest you.
You've got nothing I want,
jelly roll.
Now scram before I turn you
into pond scum.
I'm a master of the Mighty Spell
of the Dreary Put-downs.
Have it your way.
Stay warm, troll.
The nights are even colder.
♪ Till I find, till I find you ♪
♪ Find you, find you, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Till I get, till I get ♪
Hey, mister.
Where'd you go?
Let's... Let's hear that offer.
Hello?
Leaf, that was so romantic.
How long have you felt this way?
Since I first set eyes
on you, Cupcake.
Oh, my.
I don't know what to say.
You don't have to say anything.
Just know this.
Any time you want to strike out
and see the world
or meet new creatures or go
on an adventure, I'm with you.
As long as you'll take me,
of course.
Oh, Leaf.
Of course I will.
Princess!
Leaf!
There's big trouble
on the horizon.
Oh, no.
♪ Today is gonna be ♪
- ♪ A little something more ♪
- ♪ Oh-oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ I've got a plan in mind ♪
- ♪ A special thing in store ♪
- ♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ The lightbulb inside my head
says ♪
♪ "Get out and play" ♪
♪ 'Cause you'll never feel
this way ♪
♪ It's my lucky day ♪
- ♪ It's my lucky day ♪
- ♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ It's my lucky day ♪
- ♪ My lucky day ♪
- ♪ It's my lucky day ♪
♪ Don't need a pot of gold ♪
♪ A rabbit's foot,
or to be told ♪
♪ It's my lucky day ♪
Subtitles by explosiveskull